Hi.
Let's continue and do some more practice with the cluster.
So let me click on this cluster and click on task.
So as of now, you can see there is no task because what ever the tasks we're running?
I have stopped all of them.
Now let me click on this run new task.
And launch type is EC2 task definition.
I'm going to choose the same task.
And this is my cluster.
But this time, I'm going to choose 4 tasks.
It means 4 containers would be running for this cluster.
And we have 2 instances.
So 2 containers would be running in each instances.
And here you have to give the task group, you can give any name.
And finally, you have to click on run task.
So before to click on run task.
Let me come back to my this PPT and let me try to explain you the bridge network mode.
So bridge networking mode is basically the mapping of host port to the container port.
And there is one limitation with the bridge networking mode that is it allows only 1 to 1 mapping.
But here you can see I have run 4 task.
It means 2 containers would be running in each instances.
So here, both the task or both the containers are the nginx, which runs on port number 80.
And also we have defined the host port is 80.
If you'll remember in the previous lecture, we had defined 80 port here.
One host port is trying to align with 2 nginx container on the same port 80, 80.
So which is not allowed with the bridge networking mode and you will start getting errors.
So let me show you.
Let me click on run task and see what the output.
So here you can see it has created only 2 tasks and some tasks failed because of the reason.
So just click on the task and here you can see 2 tasks are running and 2 task is in stopped state,
although we had defined 4 tasks.
So what is the solution for that?
So the solution is dynamic port mapping.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I'm going to do the dynamic port mapping so that you can run number of containers
in your EC2 instances.
So that's all we'll see you in the next.